Add CLI advanced usage guide (#1953)
vercel/docs: pages/knowledge/how-to-use-the-vercel-cli-advanced.mdx

import Layout from '~/components/layout/knowledge'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Snippet from '~/components/snippet'

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'

```

export const meta = {
  title: 'How can I user the Vercel CLI for advanced use-cases?',
  description: 'Information about advanced use of the Vercel CLI.',
  editUrl: 'pages/knowledge/how-to-use-the-vercel-cli-advanced.mdx',
  url: '/knowledge/how-to-use-the-vercel-cli-advanced',
  published: '2020-05-28T14:54:36.000Z',
  lastEdited: '2020-05-28T14:54:36.000Z'
}

> It is common to face situations where an advanced usage of the CLI is required. This article will present a few common cases, and tricks on how to use the CLI successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a custom workflow that is not catered to by the [Vercel Git Integrations](/docs/v2/git-integrations), you may wish to use [Vercel CLI](/docs/cli#getting-started) to do so. This article covers some of the common use cases and tips on how to use the CLI successfully.
```

> ## Using the CLI Without Linking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the CLI Without Project Linking
```

> For multiple environments, or to map a single repository to multiple projects, skipping the "linking" step may be required. You can do so by using the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multiple environments beyond the provided [Production, Preview, and Development](/docs/v2/build-step#environment-variables), or to map a single repository to multiple projects, skipping the [project linking](/docs/cli#commands/overview/project-linking) step may be required. You can do so by using the following command:
```

<Snippet dark text="VERCEL_ORG_ID=<value> VERCEL_PROJECT_ID=<value> vercel" />

> <Caption>Using `VERCEL_ORG_ID` and `VERCEL_PROJECT_ID` environment variables.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Using <InlineCode>VERCEL_ORG_ID</InlineCode> and <InlineCode>VERCEL_PROJECT_ID</InlineCode> system environment variables.</Caption>
```

> An example of a production deployment to a given team and custom `vercel.json` path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of a production deployment to a given team with a custom `vercel.json` path:
```

<Snippet dark text="VERCEL_ORG_ID=<value> VERCEL_PROJECT_ID=<value> vercel --prod --scope <value> -A production.vercel.json" />

> <Caption>Advanced usage of the CLI with multiple flags.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Advanced usage of the Vercel CLI with multiple flags.</Caption>
```

> In the example above, the following attributes should be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the following attributes are used:
```

> 1. **VERCEL_ORG_ID**: Can be found either by querying the [Vercel API](https://vercel.com/docs/api#endpoints/teams/list-all-your-teams) or by inspect the `.vercel` folder of a linked project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **VERCEL_ORG_ID**: Can be found either by querying the [Vercel API](/docs/api#endpoints/teams/list-all-your-teams) or by inspecting the `.vercel` folder of a linked project.
```

> 2. **VERCEL_PROJECT_ID**: Can be found either by querying the [Vercel API](https://vercel.com/docs/api#endpoints/projects/get-projects) or by inspect the `.vercel` folder of a linked project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **VERCEL_PROJECT_ID**: Can be found either by querying the [Vercel API](/docs/api#endpoints/projects/get-projects) or by inspecting the `.vercel` folder of a linked project.
```

> 3. **`--scope <value>`**: Your username or team handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **`--scope <value>`**: Your username or team slug.
```
